



















































3. Standard AC Parameters: binary search
(2) Propagetion delay/Critical path measurement(tPD or tAA  > 0, AA = Address to data valid) = result of binary search - refernce signal
performed only on output pins, to guarantee that an output signal can occur within a specified amount of time after the occurence of a reference signal, measured at a specific voltae level (usuallly around 1.5V) between the transition of one signal and the resulting transition of another signal.
Mostly made from an input signal to an output signal. Sometimes a propagation delay between two output signals must also be measured, which requires a search on both signals to measure their relative positions.


























(3) Minimum pulse widths(tWL and tWH):
to guarantee the minimum amount of time which pulse can remain in the logic 0(low) and 1(high) state.
When performing any test that requires the movement or adjustment of a control edge, be sure that all timing edges relative to that edge are properly maintained(e.g. tSU/tHD/tPD).






















(4) Maximum operating frequency/At speed test(fmax):
Worst case tSU/tHD/tWL/tWH/tPD are verified at fmax.
When performing any test that requires the movement or adjustment of a control edge, be sure that all timing edges relative to that edge are properly maintained(e.g. tSU/tHD/tPD).

























(5) Output enable/disable time(tDOE/tHZOE > 0, Output Enable to Data Output Valid/Output Enable High to Output High Z):
performed only on high impedance output and bi-directional pins, to guarantee that a high impedance output buffer can transit between a high impedance state and driving valid logic levels, vice versa, measured from a control signal to a switching output.
In most cases, valid logic levels are defines as VOL/VOH, and high impedance state is defined intermediate(invalid), meaning a voltage greater than VOL or less than VOH. The outputs must be connected to a load with a reference voltage set to the intermediate logic level(e.g. 2.0V), which pulled the bus to the this level once the output drivers turn off.






















































4. Timing development:
(1) Define the cycle time. Use two vertical lines to represent the cycle and show its duration.
(2) Determine in order how the control and data signals will fit within the cycle, including their edge placements and transition types.
(3) Determine the signal formats considering both the active and non-active states of the control signals.
